# BTTP
Blockchain Text Transfer Protocol

HTTP 418 (RFC 2324) paved the way for our modern internet.  Before HTTP was developed and adopted, there was no simple way for internet readers and publishers to easily share information online.  In a similar fashion, there is currently no easy way for users to gain access to the data stored across multiple blockchains, whether it be Bitcoin, or any of the numerous other blockchains that continue to be created.  For this reason, it may be helpful to develop a standard that can be used to serve and gain access to the information locked within the multiple blockchains that exist and the ones still to come.

As an example of a use case, one can imagine an online news organization using BTTP alongside HTTP to quickly create news articles, wherein, the relevant facts are linked to their corresponding proofs on various blockchains.  Browsers would need to upgraded or created to work with BTTP in order to provide cryptographic proof to a user that the data has been verified to exist on a particular blockchain.  A news organization may link events to a date stamp on a particular blockchain, location data to proof-of-location blockchains, and social media posts to proof-of-existance entries.  Quotes from individuals could be verified through the use of cryptography and blockchain entries, and it is foreseeable that almost every piece of data that can be recorded digitally may one day be verifiable using cryptography and blockchain data.

For this reason, BTTP is important in that it may follow a similar path as HTTP, and help create the server and client side software to make blockchain data accessible to a larger audience.
